# Follow the instructions provided here to start analyzing the cost and usage reports generated by Azure and AWS
If you've not already generated the cost and usage reports, please follow the instructions provided in the [setup](../setup/) and [data-load](../data-load/README.md) sections.

The SQL queries are listed in the [queries](../queries/) section. The queries are written in ClickHouse SQL. You can use the same queries in other databases like PostgreSQL, MySQL, or SQL Server. The queries are written in a way that they can be easily ported to other databases. The column names should match directly with the column names in the cost and usage reports.

The files are named in a way that is self-explanatory. 

- AWS files are at the path `aws/`
- Azure files are at the path `azure/`

Once you start analyzing using the queries, you should be able to do the following:

For both the AWS and Azure cost and usage reports:
- Get the total cost for a given time period
- Get the total cost for a given service
- Get the total cost for a given region
- Get the total cost for a given resource group
- Get the total cost for a given resource
- Get the total cost for a given tag
- Get the total cost for account(s) or subscription(s)
- Get the data transfer costs for account(s) or subscription(s)
- Get the total cost for a given account or subscription


## Appendix
If you're interested in a POC or a demo, please reach out to us at primeorbitoss@primeorbit.com or visit our website at [primeorbit.com](https://primeorbit.com). We'd be happy to help you with the setup and answer any questions you may have. 


